I'm in Paris near you 10 euros for
hunger it's cancer
I think it's 2500 kilometers something like that he
's an activist that I know
of
hot
no the truth I would like to debate with
haters but none show up
if not today and if this one looked good tomorrow we're going to
Malaga today if I take a nap I'll go to bed
super late so it's going to be that
no
with the title of the video on YouTube
why is
n't there coming in
while I'm coming in it's a
call
today
after the call but they are not from your
beat rhythm
where
at
55 I won't know
the oils don't come they never come to
debate about the comments
like that let's
see there's one in which there's one to whom I
said let's see when
thanks it's a fair
thanks the ones on the AVE we're not going to try to
have a debate then I have work
olé thank you very much I feel like debating
today he has
n't arrived home yet let's
see I feel like drums for the
intro
[Music]
family how disgusting how disgusting the
comments on last night's video on the
main channel
are literal the comments of
but  yes thank you very much from the audience
for agreeing last year with the thing with
excerpts
to the shadow although I get along well with the spider
but yes well what
stood out last year focus
literally are those in tulsa in the
comments the same shitty scum and
correct be very careful it is I do not want to
blame the author or anything like that
with today's car radio I have nothing happened
what happened but it is true that
when the subject of the come it is
disgusting the chat or literally the chat is
disgusting well almost always when
kids it is disgusting it gives stitches with the
line subjects all [ __ ] Basque that is why
I work the kids that with that with
the hospitality and a lot of grace that with the
seriousness yola
that someone change the title of 'tweets'
the gentleman hurt the chat in the live shows
is free it is free open to everything
because you have it in public the chat no no
no in the kids the chat that is why the
members always
and basically the haters of dallas in the
end what they have done has been to give me give me
the reason give me the reason in what is
said in the video be me basically in
the video  what I said was the part of my
opinion com with respect to the strike
regarding the extra is that I can't have an opinion
otherwise he would be lying to us if he had an
opinion otherwise it's obviously
gross to put shrapnel on someone and if there
are two or three and if they are in those ways
writing those lies you know that as a
person who happens to you you don't understand I
can't say otherwise no youtube is
going to tell us otherwise no
youtuber is going to say or
youtube say that it seems fine to paz and it's
very good to take down the [ __ ] channel no
joke or joke but it's not that
the same Christian opinion is not shared it's that
in fact the opinion that I am giving
in the same one that everyone is giving is
that you can't have a different opinion
here it will seem more to him no matter how many
criticisms he makes you that he has a point
in which he doesn't and less like that an extra and to
put it in writing if it is that putting his
face in the corner says is that I don't care
glory thank you very much I can
think
yes of course I saw the nauta video let's see it's the
same but obviously putting more
email the rest of the email is the same  in the
end more emails with more lies in those
appeals and so on, it doesn't matter to
me, look, even if
Dallas had put a strike without
lying in the a
in the allegations and without even if it had been
put simply for a
stratum for a relationship, for me there would be
no need to put an extra on me,
for example when those of 8 no, who was
nobody, we put the piece because the piece
was from it was for his, the
paid content even if they are paid content it is
something that you summarize an entire video,
an entire live broadcast but if it is a
three-second phrase even if it is from your tweets
either but well that is something to
hold on to no but it is that no even if it
was an extra and legal because it was a that
no that you should not put those in if it is that we have
already talked about it a million bs
with the subject they have told him with the
Cuba subject that no that no that as much as the
dick that he has a note that he will not do
later I apart from that I can think that
the author
should reduce the animosity a little since
he himself says that he cannot
hide it that he likes to hide it but you
cannot pretend  that he has a lot of
inclination since last year he said so we are
going to get worse Javier thank you very much
if it is not incompatible one thing
with the other
that in car I should relax man a
little son imagine that we see imagine that imagine it is that I do
not want to
compare it with other things because with
other cases because I love you I want to
attack dall'anese I want to attack in
car because I do not want problem with anyone you
know then maybe for the in
other cases it can be seen as an attack
but it is not an attack neither for one nor
for the other I mean it seems wrong to me that
an extra is put and punishable in the
right person and that I also think
some videos of the author are wrong sincerely there
is a video
the video starts to criticize the work
of another colleague but there have been videos that
say you and I crazy we do
not have a mutual hatred and they are not going to
solve it no way
[Music]
on the contrary I think that this will inflame
Nauta more and they give him more videos I think it will
end badly because in the end he will not do
something that goes too far and he has crossed the
line and let's go to other terms not
if you criticize him no  there would be nothing wrong with that
but I don't feel like causing trouble there
shouldn't be a problem but no,
simply that there are videos that are
very cornered and videos that
could be more objective or have objective let's see
objective
just
let's call it that it puts us in
other people's videos you are already there it is simply that
or rather what the fear video is there and it is
more directed to the disgusting people than to
what is happening between the two of them
between the two of them there
are things about one that I don't find right
things about the other either like take
down what he said about you and no
now it happens a
thousand things they
are never things already like it is that he gives me
information he has a strike
a strike
[Music]
is what I said yesterday each beginning
basically an extra and it is that what
our private data of yours or what
a minor takes out what he says is super
strong about your family and maybe not even with
that
and
then he doesn't believe that there were many
thanks
for the same number let's see I consider
that a person who is censorship
some censorship in his name
censorship would be the best that he doesn't let you
make any video talking about him he has
already made 300 videos 400 or  500 videos talking
about him censorship there was nothing there that
detonated what is it that detonated well
in my opinion the thing about the moderator
theirs is about the moderator I think
that the thing about the moderator
now that I put on the table what
could be like this it does not go through Dallas
very unlikely I say it in the video
three or four times it is very unlikely
that that is the case but
possible it can be done we all know it
can be done I am not going to say it or
demonstrate it or I am not going to the idea well it can be
done fill out the form with
the name of the channel that you want
even a free format form by
email I mean it can be done
but the comments towards daia disgust me I
insist that with this they do not blame before or
anything she is not responsible for what
people put no but it is noticeable that
people get more excited when
slaugther because when they get it you know
when the subject of the room they get excited to
me a video 3 and they did not go to all
the salt channels or he is not going to comment
on the censorship of greve not below or  just
kidding
akuma threw the video the other day it
turns you on its hard you're not going to give your opinion they didn't
go to all the channels you're not going to give your
opinion on the censorship of the pp
resurrection
I understand that the author in his video
looks at everyone who talks about this
topic of course evidently I see it
totally normal it's like when they
throw it at me I also say hey summarize
everyone the video
well sandoval but you can't be held
responsible for
third party comments
the comments are the ones you forget
you go to the comments of the video the
fairy that the girl hasn't agreed with the
strike
okay it's like they want to force you to
not see the letter and for the
same reason when he put it to me the
same as when the green one he and he
put it to me I wanted to give my opinion thank you very much I do
n't understand why I'm going to give my opinion for the
same reason I
put the time that brings them the same as
then if you get inside to qualify
each case it's that one is not the same
because one has made 400 videos the next
day they yell at me that  I made three videos I
was already throwing a video it can be
debated but in general electric
because I've already said the tool that
variant remove okay but these
comments put and ximo disgusting are genes they
are [ __ ] scum who hate
dallas
but have hated it for a thousand years
not now because it has put them t or
four for you nothing no the days of all
the [ __ ] life I do not understand what Dallas has
the people who hate it get into a sick disgusting sickly plan
and if it is not that the people do not
value the opinion that we have given the one of
it then it is not worth it and since it is
telling us things that are not what we have
said look and besides now you come here
okay you come here and you put because
one thing that I did before of
course of course very worth
a lot that Sevilla FC gives to me is
that I do not think football is very
yours but wait a moment no I am not going to
make something of what I earn be seen
but I am going to put my youtube studio to
be more or less a  while for
you to see so you can see what he
wants literally
Damascus shot target there was a person on the
internet I don't like imagine
I had the one that I don't like I hope he didn't
have something personal with them
give an example of youtube that I don't
like that we like a youtuber that we
like thanks Alvaro thank you very much
king
an example of a youtuber that you don't
dislike I
don't know
the boss is the boss I don't like him at all
but I've never
seen
the things seen not
for example very serious I've had some
arguments I mean as an audience okay
as an audience he is the field I
like he doesn't like me
but now well that I know
because I don't see him and when we have
had to talk about him here because my channel is about SEO and it comes up inevitably it is sometimes but from there to be aware 24 hours of what to gales the hood and all over twitter to see if someone supports him to enjoy it in the comment box of the videos
criticize he is the boss I go and I go I go in to
give it to all the comments
think disgusting and look
this morning  I dedicated myself while I
sit down to watch coffee in the morning
to throw so I
was seeing for example the
most disgusting hater comments look
at Jimenez
anyone is worth it so you can see
what I say is real Jimenez I
put on this one from the fairy channel the video
of the dao preventing please a
little calm no let there be respect
that hey let everyone have their opinion with respect
what they want but I don't know I haven't said it I'm
going to see it on my channel what comments have
these people made the truth
Jimenez
you come here and it's incredible it's
incredible look look
4 days ago it was
said there are videos by video from my
secondary channel by the good dog good dog good dog good dog good dog good
dog he is the best and his dog canío
lee veiga kan and oliveira
is going to have the same success as my
kids none
if they are going to invite you the tortilla to lagat
and that you are a dog and forty something
javi don't say autistic that I cry javi
also my favorite youtuber was always
a crazy
my goodness she knows every detail of
my life
khan and oliveira
that it doesn't go like that the contacts I know
euros he told me euro I was editor of
euros I'm going to interview euros now
now gold
this girl is smart this girl says says what I say
I'm not smart reading
the truth is that one does nothing but
upload and the other continues being the bore
of youtube
referring to greece and fairy ok pay
attention to this if you use I speak you
don't have ads in the videos of khan
and oliveira he
is asking people so that
no one sees it on the straight right to
use what they boycott my work that
I don't earn money okay pay
attention / pay
attention to this video
reported for your words
hahaha you're welcome a video before and giving his opinion
on ricky the i i
[Music]
and the criticism he made of cuba he is
asking for me to be given a strike
for having a different opinion than him he
is asking for me to be given a strike he
is reporting the video so that I
put a strike he
wants to censor me
i
e
because we hope that one comes to debate
because he was going to  come debate one there
is 1 shot when the position this
morning
when position this morning
and this morning has been great because he
came and twitter hater is also worth it and
says
[Music]
one came and tells me to go up to
debate with voice whenever you want whenever
you want okay
and I asked him and he told me that it's been
almost two hours he told me in
an hour or so negative
thank you very much margaritas for those three
euros for the coffee remember that
you have visual up okay
apart from the monetization that
the haters give me virus up there
and he says a lie I told you that in an hour
that I am on the street you don't lie to us
literally in private even
asking me
totally god
but let's see what to do they have
put it in their type of suits or email one
thing does not take away the other and that it was but that
the people who put the comments
insult us the dea they disgust me they are the
audience of the focus and others you know the one that
raises its head there is something from Dallas
okay
but it's a lie lie nothing has been told to me it
has become very heavy to beat that
now it says that it goes  let's see if it's
true that he's coming, I
made it privately, let's go, let's
debate right now, live, he said
that he's going to take me down, he's going to
refute me a lot, all of
the comments that you're seeing when he
uploads they look like the Ritz the critic the
other day, do you remember the Ritz is
literally the king, he was embarrassed and we got
out of the debate, so he
didn't upload it but the Ritz the [ __ ]
lost it, [ __ ] shame, I
don't think he's going to upload Javi, well, here we're
going to wait for him, while you're
reading the comments, he told me that he has
7 kilometers left to get to his
house, those 15 minutes,
10 minutes, okay, what Rich did was incredible
the other day with all the ass he gave,
with all the ass he's given every
month, let's refute, they don't have it, don't
you dare, really, he comes up here to mess
with Dallas
because Dallas knew, he jumps to the
presumption of innocence of 8 and he was
accusing him without evidence according to him and that I
wasn't that insistent against Dallas and
after 10 minutes he  he started accusing
two people he wanted to catch me out for
collaborating with two people and he started accusing
two people of being a pedophile and of being a
child molester without any evidence and he said to them let's see
show me the evidence and I went well in the
end everyone who uploads here ends up the
same because it's very easy to type your
venom because he's frustrated and you hate without you hate
people who don't know you know but
but then how does he have to face the
arguments he doesn't have it right he says it's a
lie I said that in an hour I'll be on the
street literally it's been now look at
3:46 what he told me about an hour ago
that now it's now
five fifteen
for an hour and a half hour and a half he
told me about the time
then there's one that is closing the account
the check is closing the account I can't
show the tweets okay but this is one
that has appeared that has been tremendous or
in other words he is not having an injury blocked
that you know why I will be
blocked okay then well I believe it I
will be blocked it appears it is I
wanted it like abertis I have posted a tweet I have
posted a tweet
what  you do appearing in me and the
disease things of disease
disease and appears in suspense I
tell him telling me that I am afraid of
burning that I am not afraid to give my
opinion about another because they have me by the
leash and I tell him your arguments seem very logical come up come up
to debate
and he tells me no it's that I'm anonymous
then you're afraid of me you
're my pet then you
and close the account
this boy breath began to take out your and his
I calling me dog
[Music]
a lot of [ __ ]
began to take out his already sending
my dog ​​winged pedophile I don't know what will
happen the account
and nothing this boy well let's see if he comes to
debate okay
we take in the meantime to another couple
Sebastian Ortega thank you very much
well writing in this video he still
has a little bit more I don't know if he has been
deleting
comments okay
but he has a little bit more karma than the
comment box of mine of comments
on the video with reason
what do you want them to think it's not that you are
justifying that I give him the strike
when it
is justified what do they
give defending  dallas
when
look I saw the video yesterday after uploading it
javi what do you want to debate I at
least find that dallas has made
a lot of mistakes in the last videos and I
always comment with respect greetings and
comment with respect that's not the problem
the problem is comments like this
look
[Music]
nothing I think you should stop commenting on
this topic I'm not being good to you but that's not why I'm
going to clarify attack I think he's
done it here cleaning I
think I've done it here cleaning
this but the thing
is
anyway if someone supports or
agrees with dallas it's okay but
the idea of ​​​​these people is always to attack him
no these people don't care about
injustice they care about having an excuse
to enjoy it the purpose of the
disease not
the things that I started watching this morning
on my channel for example I took like I just
did with this one I took user
by user I
was getting in okay and there were a lot
of users that you put them here on the
street
in my comments on my channels
no and it came out that there were years and years and years
enjoying the years and years
insulting each other but in a way of all kinds
and for  example one of the things that was
repeated a lot was I wish they would close the
Dallas channel
but since I have precisely
what we are criticizing about it, it
made me laugh when he said that he slanders him
that local um and if possible
totally many of the comments that I have
seen was the one that is repeated here let's go
see my video
many comments of what is repeated
in my comments box
I wish to see Hub and Oliveira
give each other exactly 4 years
and that he doesn't have to be known
Canada none of them
host 2010 live I
remember that Javi says a lot that
criticism has no quota you can criticize
if you are a public figure and the criticism
burns you that's what there is then in the
video Javi does not apply this to Dallas they are
literally lies they are lies that is not that there is not
even a hint of what
I say in the video
in the video
man after a problem last year
after the plenary session last year
that even reported us
I think hunger what
imagine you obviously
criticism has no quota okay perfect
I can make an entire channel if I
want criticizing on YouTube  perfect
but if you don't tell me
sincerely imagined johann plana
after all the problem he's
had
already but it's that dallas during the last one
has done many criticizable things to me and
everyone we have done things to the
thank you very much
here we can surely release an iron plana video
every day but imagine
civilians help plan every day on his
channel release a video about HIV that as I would see it
objectively as I see it and I think that we
should lower a little not deal with the
issues but do it with a little
more fair as it is with other youtube and that's it
but since what I think but
that does not justify the extract you
understand that does not justify that
although such that no but no it is not at
all what I have said here of hey do not do it
asked the police that it gives you
anxiety but having said that
the hypocrisy seems hilarious to me
mine in madrid proceeds to defend
dallas for more than 20 minutes I have
not defended neither one nor the other
but if he sent his followers to secretly go down to the one
that I see badly any sport
just as I see badly for example when the
index of subscribe to a channel
or rather, these are things that I
cannot say, the contrary I say the
same thing
as later between matrices,
well then we can discuss the
nuances and surely there will be
strong things, no,
but the last ones, the strike,
this is something that I have seen a lot
in the comments, you come from the adhesion
like Dallas, do not respond, he will agree
with you because silence gives consent' he
puts it in quotes as if Dallas
had said silence gives consent, he said it, that's what he
said, winn, my turn
Dallas
and how does it occur to you not to have
exactly the same opinion as them, but the fact is that
they do not have an opinion, go ahead,
the question is that to give an opinion, I have given
exactly the same opinion as almost, it is a
logical opinion, tive, it is as if, as if I
ask you what you think about what, do
not ask for someone to come into your house and
borrow your cell phone,
all together for the same opinion, what do you
think about someone putting on top of him in
the email, in the stress at the station, he
is lying because for a daycare
period, what happens is that they want
some
shameless pedophile without a brain cell phone to get involved  and I'm not going to
do it honestly but I don't
do it for anyone there's not even a
plan he's never disrespectful
in fact the criticism when I started to
criticize Joan Plana for the thing with Frigida
for the attack that goes towards Frigida
if you see the first videos are super
calm then he started calling me an
abuser he put 500 tweets at me and I don't know
what well man he's so calm that I
'm not
understand me
javi what is that we've all put
a star at some point
absolutely all of us have put an extra and
more than once
more than once everyone
everyone what's the
problem with me saying this
everyone
can come to understand I have
never said it in the video in the whole video
I have not said it can you come to
understand I understand that I have told them
later come to understand that I am
fed up with the videos that I make to the
other you
can treat yourself support so you can
understand what elements
my god where is the note that is going to
upload the debate
at the moment he is calling me by md the
word with m that I can't say it that
we are in tweets I
swear to you god I
need you to wait for me
if I arrived I
will  I'm going to call it that if he doesn't
want to take it he takes it and if not I'll expose it
yes
without waiting for it
or it's
not true javi now ter is making
more videos of Dallas now because Dallas does
not stop creating controversies all the
channels make videos if you look at his
channel you will see that there are many videos that do not
focus on Dallas I am
not going to go into details
I have told you that there are videos that there are
videos that he also says well okay it
's a criticism but there are videos that
the only thing you see and
and what I have said at no time does
not talk about a topic
of course he is going to talk about the topic
but
strikes juanjo you are you comment differently than
the Dallas ones
the work the different moments those
of Dallas the extras of Juanjo I
literally commented the same as the
Dallas ones it seems exactly the same to me it
seems exactly the same
legitimate use
juanjo what he did was put a strike every day it
's the same
to berbia I would call it a boy
if you don't take it we put it we put them the
same
now I had it on a bicycle thank you very much
nothing nothing bad the the
disc
for the moment the disc  ermelo I've done bad
the disk at the moment it gives me bad to
say things that can make me okay
nothing happens it's
giving me the normal disk I'm going to
cut in twizy
okay already
accept and take it you
dedicated more videos and hardness to strikes
juan hus
adrián wants to upload you is that I can't
answer you simply to such I
can answer you that
evidently with juanjo I had more
things there were more things
not only the strike
but to dedicate the video to him
equally each criticism channel talks
about the subject that comes out of the dick like that
I want to dedicate water to them or a video
because they put stress on someone I
dedicate it to them and if later another one stresses
someone I don't dedicate it to them just like when they have
put where it brings me the other
channels have not commented on the subject
but he wants to upload to adrián
which is his life day
and I will explain it better to you
well this guy in a boat spent
the afternoon wasting time if he is not going to get involved
in 30 minutes he arrived
hello javi what happened with that complaint about
nader it seems to me you never commented on
the channel
javi if you want I can  talk to you
to fill and present my point of
view okay Sebastian
give me give me the record if you want you
're being me now that half a minute
hahahahahaha that 30 minutes but colleagues
and I've been two hours since you
told me an hour
hahaha
coward now I understand what I was saying about the kids now if they were missing 7 kilometers and now as if yes yes he says I'm telling you to give me time of course how much does the lady want the term this doesn't suit her equaling the 7 km [Laughter] how ridiculous in these inter colleague uncle
Adrian Vaso and 45 minutes waiting for him is not
much well we have been
waiting for him but it's that before
starting the live he had been there for an
hour and a half that he had told me an hour
to see I don't understand a thing now
nobody goes up to debate you let's
see let's do something
directly let's do them in the
irrigation
let's do the thing okay
whoever wants to enter to debate right now I'm
going to put the street link here
and enter okay it
appears
and I'm putting them in one by one while it
takes me here other good ones  graphene
hello hello hello okay
but if I don't get bored but in
agreement with people I get bored
okay here you have the link
here you have the link but showing your face and being of legal
age
showing your face and being of legal age
no the other one is not going to show up that we have
already made it very clear
showing your face to greet each other in a good way not to
debate the saint to the harness but showing your
face and being of legal age the
golden opportunity to debate I
mean there are 2,000 people here right now
not to questions about health or CIF there are things
and no please I don't want to be rude but do
n't make me waste my time
here you have the link two minutes ago I
gave it and nobody uploads
here you have the link
[Laughter]
but there are people who have put things to me
in the comments of the video it is the people are
going to debate
that not being rich again what would make us
again to try in the fame
and I already three or four minutes ago
probably hello
but but but let's see
but has taken on the video was the
bomb it is of people insulting me
but but well there is one there is one and  one
but there are 111
but he hasn't put anything on the mic or
anything
the micro bet or anyone
by alex 98 let's
see here one is
good I
already wanted to upload but I'm not that many people
crying about the rise
of Japan
well well well you are one of those who
enjoy the comments the most as you are one of
those who have the most fruit in the comments who is
going to say hello no no no no no I came to say
hello look like the entire public I have
an opinion
and well look the opinion is that it's very
good that you defend them but
here we go I have defended it
like in that I have defended it I mean look it's
not that you defend it it
's very good that you defend it but it doesn't
justify it this time just
told me that I defend it low okay how
good I
let you put my ideas clearer is that
I got into it
and a lady came to talk less the
joke is that
I know I don't know right now your content
I love your content I am a
subscriber
but I don't know if you are a communicator at the
moment
or you are a person of salcé or is the
only question I have here
but  tell me how I defend him, I
mean I
was looking for
[Laughter]
[Music]
but if he
continues continue the ghadimi that I
defend him in that I have defended him I
feel that you give him a lot, you don't
even give your opinion
about yesterday what it is
look no no I didn't have the opportunity to see
your live yesterday
but I'm not open yesterday in my book
yesterday in my video mrd what
insults me no no no not at all I mean
look I'm a subscriber of yours I even pay
I'm a subscriber of at 8 I don't like him very much
and I'm a subscriber of nauta too
aha and I like I like this
I like being here not on several fronts
I know that you are, well, a colleague in
quotes as you say, friends of
giving them colleagues if it were a colleague of the
low platform and this one
and when it's with Dallas, well he no longer gives
opinions, I mean not very strong
but I admit opinions they go down or he doesn't give his
opinion that someone leaves you or
sincere for example here not to say it will be
my opinion that that that that I have not
given my opinion
for example we have seen each other directly from
them but not if  I talked about the
author issue, which is actually very easy, it's the
author issues, because I'm a
little worried about the issue and I haven't talked about it in the
live broadcast the day before yesterday and yesterday he made a
video for the main one, I
mean, for example, the
front one, it seems quite serious to me
because it's like your content, no, and
that it comes with strikes, the truth is, it doesn't seem
very,
very kind to me on the part of the seat
that Dallas is in a very tense moment and I also do
n't like it,
like I don't think it's right that
nobody gives him a star, nobody is
perfect, I
hope it's that I feel right now, like we're
looking at my opinion, like we do
n't want your opinion, we want to
know what your complaint is about it, you've
told me that I don't have an opinion, although I don't give
my sincere opinion, okay, hardware, what
is Dado's opinion? If I weren't
sincere,
for example, in this type of controversy
where Dallas is involved a lot, like I do
n't feel very neutral, or rather, really
for the nation, Sunday,
a communicator,
I'm not sincere, my opinion is that
the fair fact of reserving you,
you, your own opinion, being neutral towards
Dallas is not assimilated because I feel that it
allows me so much, it's  that I left my license
because I have to be neutral, let's see,
that's why I'm going to the same
question, he couldn't answer me if
you are a communicator, is it the CEO or are you
because I have to be neutral,
why is this little
dog
like an excuse for the question
why do I have to be neutral oh well, so
if you are a, if you are a communicator of the
salsa player, put halfway, that is to say, your opinion,
no, but if you are real, I mean, if you are the one
from Schalke or the king of salsa, in my
opinion the truth is you are not the king of the
Sahara, don't you
put in some opinion a little more
excessive, no, I don't know if I'm making myself
understood, I don't know if I'm explaining myself well, an
opinion of mine that has not been sincere,
the truth is, I have seen most of your
live shows and those that have been talked about, sometimes when I have
time I give myself the opportunity to see them
later, but tell me what opinion is not
sincere please,
I'm speaking on air because I haven't
seen your live show yesterday or from Tierra,
but I feel like I don't know how it is that you
had, I know that you and Nauta had several clashes
and the truth is I don't know if you fixed them a
long time ago,  harassing the door
but which one which one no, they don't answer my
question what opinion age or that is not
sincere
is that let's see look we are
not going to get anywhere the
next one a hug
hello I am second the camera is that I
am with a t-shirt
and nothing I was talking to you on twitter before to
also upload
and I wanted to give my opinion because look and I
see your videos I see the swimming ones but the
swim ones by Dallas all the floor 8
even and I have really realized
that as soon as it comes to the subject of Dallas
you do soften them it is more when it
attracts them to criticize me we
compare that we have well compared with
any other criticism whether it be Juan Hus
who in fact is also all about sports
there I sent you audios but it did not arrive
but
in what is it softened I to Dallas that he has
done something to Dallas the same as
Juanjo and agua
abajo they crush his eyes but for
example Dallas now currently is
entering into many hypocrisies because he
says one thing and in a while then he
does the same thing so I
like that for example, for example in
the accusation without there being a judge or
something like that you said yourself in the
video but like even so you
say well but since Dallas has already
gone through what he's gone through I don't think
he would throw it out there lightly but it's that it does
n't mean that
like
what do you think is so as not to
soften what I should have told him
no because blank I mean more that I do
n't know how to say it
when the topic 8
no I simply think that I would have you should have
taken the criticism
more like he's making a mistake
because he's entering into hypocrisies but
you weren't trying to soften because
well maybe he's
tired or or I don't think he's going to say
something like that lightly if he doesn't have proof
but really what I'm
saying is that he's right on x
issues and that he has said things that I have
ended up having telling the truth does not
mean that always what has to
be like that or rather no because it is true the z
has to be also you know that and that
I don't see that you criticize his
hypocrisies like
the problem I think
I think that really the problem that
people are  complaining so much that it's not do
n't be like you when you give
oral criticism because he's your friend that
I understand but the ones that are
standing
with the author didn't do it either when I
counted on him I still don't do it or now
but he puts an out in I didn't do it either
with him either I don't do it anymore well it's that
I think that's why in that
same one people have started to a to
take it out on you because it's noticeable whether you like it
or not you notice a little bit of the difference
when you criticize a colleague that you don't
like as you know it's strange more when it's
like a sandwich that you sing to him we are
but of course with nothing I don't do it either
but really yes to see if he weren't
your colleague I'm sure that your criticism
would be much
stronger maybe because of that and that's why it cures me
option that comes down on you but because
I'm because to tell them I have to do it
with Dallas I have it homemade and with nothing no no
no if it's what to do to me it doesn't
matter to me I just come
down on them because I'm not going against him
if I imagine that it will be because of that like
I do that the videos that you
're uploading from an author and such no
less I usually see because this how  are you going to have an
opinion more or less then that with
holly I know that he's going to try how am I going to
start well obviously you can't agree with him
you're going to agree with dallas because it's
logical what he's doing isn't
entirely right us but I know
perfectly well that you're not going to go and
criticize him really hard because
as an example you can't
give examples like the uncle
south that he is that comparing an opinion
you're after 20 just like me if not no I
say that you do what you think that he's not
doing the right thing seriously I
understand perfectly only that it's not
him with the same
you know
like in the middle you clean up the image I
don't know how to explain it well use like so that it does
n't seem like he's doing it
is really as bad as what it is
my opinion the main one is a dirty thing
and also I have put look what I think
look at what we have already talked about when he
threw the Tobal video at me and when I
throw it to see if he reads when I throw it if he or he
consoled me has my opinion it's
exactly the same for everyone yes but
then later you say that of course it's not  he's
making you a lot of
videos lately about dallas
neuron
no good but because although he
says [ __ ] to few but
the atmosphere anyway he's been making
videos lately it's been a long
time since he made videos about dallas now
about ally and that's why and well he's
been causing quite a stir these past two
weeks you're not a sculptor that's why
being in so many because you have to talk the
point is not knowing if the opinion is
exactly the same as mine
yes exactly how good it is
more noticeable that he doesn't have that
friendship that you have that's why
great that he doesn't start trying to
find the reason why
dallas would do it or the reasons that if he's tired
always
because I haven't done anything wrong
I haven't said but it's that I'm
making a lot of videos and
people were saying that the
trigger for me to give him the strike is
because there has to be a trigger
obviously otherwise the question is there
between four years
before
people were saying that the
trigger was that 8 had said
what the moderator
said like neither nothing nor
nothing that he gets along well with dallas nor
dallas and he gets along well with  he then
also I don't imagine that there will have been
crazy people taking advantage of there I was going to say possibly
an excerpt to see if it works what it is
a little
wrong because it is the same one he is
complaining about how he goes to YouTube think
that the afternoons I only say in the video well the
only thing I wanted to tell you is that
the difference is very noticeable that
he is your friend that is why I am for that very reason
people attack him and that I am not from I am
not part of that person but yes I have
wanted great I say is that he is not
occupying it in the same way
as if it were to any other
basic produce gods of gas to a
person not because it seems to me that while it is
true another person in which
you put attractive you will start to say which one is that it is
already and is tired because the
type of video I do not know what it is you did
not just tell me that he is
using words where the neck
I said that surely this donor
wants that after the problems we
had last year
making videos and with so much spite and they
are so try well surely the
trigger is that but I do not
say 500 times maybe
like I understand that I don't
understand and I'm not
like staring at you like I'm going to
criticize that I'm just saying that's
the reason why people are
more like that because what they're
used to is Javi who when he sees
that something has some influence the
youtuber is messing around so you go there on
flats to get everything there is no but
what's happening is that you're not
making as many videos as you
normally would on these topics because it's already
noticeable that it's not a delicate topic here
because in the end
no no
no I'm referring to that because in
comparison
like tasks lately it's
validating enough especially with or
it started with Juan then this
Fuero de ocho and now it's allying itself
with Nauta
I have an opinion I have not given my opinion but as I have
already said that the opinion that you are
giving is softer than what you would normally
be doing on this subject
if it weren't if Dallas was not a
close friend of yours because you know
perfectly well that you don't want to screw him
over
but that it's not the same treatment that you
're giving him I don't  you're
treating these issues the same way you would if it were someone else
if it were someone else messing things
up imagine if all this
were being done if we were on
TV that's what I
mean it wouldn't be the
same having the same tone for that reason
people with the same garden but who
have the same tone with an enemy
some colleagues no nobody me no me no I
understand
in fact I saw the little video I think
if you uploaded a video talking about
how there is no me my opinion
but I can't be it's
waiting because I won't really
do it
in most people I'm a hater of
Dallas either because I don't for example
I don't agree and I'm
criticizing enough on twitter but
also without saying things that have no
news
I was looking for myself in yours
today today I was looking at myself looking a
little the disgruntled there are some who
were blank what do you want they weren't
going hungry either and then there are others
who say mockery
and bye
such a hiter man but you're
hating but the fabric of those who can
see it ca
n't be heard
wait now now
well look javi I was  going to take a
nap you can't hear it
but
okay I was going to take a
nap
and I saw that you were here doing I'm
telling you I'm going to go up to give my opinion until you
know that of course my nap coming
here
that is very important that nothing about the
others who are watching and so on I do
believe that or rather in comparison to other
anxious ones and that he is releasing less videos
with the force that these
Dallas toilets are having but but he also
fills them but the same
with the and it's fine from Dallas of 8 this
last one of the strikes I mean yes it is the one
that is releasing videos but I think that
if it had been maybe with another
youtuber yes I would have released more
maybe
I would have had time
to see the path that has said the most for
example if topic 8 for example
and apart from the one I have on the main channel I have
one
yes there
was already the one where they detonated or the one that
turned cholera
4 and the first one
without charging five crimes had five
live and the channel of the video the main channel
m
in two weeks five videos
no like that if it is  full of itself
then what topic is it that we
take a video about, you
can hardly think about it, about the
napster strike in these, basically in these in
general it is 8 it is true videos
the third
but many when the others have not
spoken about the subject and those other things that I
wanted to comment on, did you see the video of the fairy
that they say about the subject of the author yes yes of
course okay in the final part that
I have commented on it in my video and people
were saying that yes that I was agreeing with the
fairy that they are Aranza
is that and so on but I do think that
age is right in that later
when what happened to the fairy happened to her
that she is a warmer car, leave her to me
but it is that she does not have to go out to
defend things as they are and she does not have to
come out head on with the dan and that of
us we have spoken because people have
not stopped being a pain in the ass I have made
the video more for the haters to
expose the people who share more the subject
that is going to seem to me the subject for the subject it
seems disgusting to me that they put
others that there is no more
4.4 put green I have always done well with that
subject that I am going  to give your opinion on what the
orchard does wants you to give your opinion for a
dirty trick and see if he did me wrong
now if the worst thing is people
following me and the fairy to talk about the
subject if you don't do it for will
for one because it's an injustice what he
needs is an excuse against him
will give way to the [ __ ] that you are very
sick rehearsals that he should not have
made any video talking about
topics really when they go well he also
extracts them the others have not spoken about the
subject and they do not speak but they have not spoken
but I do not blame them he says he
threw it in his face or anything the thing is that this public has not gone to demand it from him as I have taught me too and me but I think that in part it is like that he is a little motivated by the final phrase of the first video in author
when he says that about everyone and they will not see that
he is in his right from his channel to
ask people I see it the same as they have
done in plagiarism when I was when
to me mapocho behind what I do
always
ask everyone to receive it and
makes 800 videos
on his  The channel was well positioned
but it's that it wouldn't have done it with
these, this part of the audience that
Rosa we're talking about today, they would have
done it anyway even if he didn't
ask for it, he has the right to ask for it, the
star option, it's illogical but they
have the teca house. I do what I don't see as
logical is that they demand us to
talk about this issue when it's someone else's, the ones
they put extra on is no, they're not going to go to
all the channels that look at the
censorships don't go, okay? And on the other hand,
when we talk today, I'm going to, I'm going to give my opinion, I'm going to shut up, you ask for it so
much, I'm going to give my opinion, give my
opinion but it's not worth it either
because he wants a couple of slanders in
between, look kid,
that's totally true, a part of
the audience that is how you have to give their
opinion how they want and if not now,
but it's valid, the worst thing is that if we
give our opinion how they want it to be wrong,
in fact, it's as strong as they
want it to be said, I want it
without shame, you don't have a brain cell, you [ __ ]
hypocrite, the truth was sinking you
[Music]
What do you think about the issue of  that it is
reported is from what the game and all that
because there are several hypotheses about it
the truth is that I have no [ __ ] idea
if being him counting whatever the
most likely one
seems to me I have no [ __ ] idea what he
was thinking what
Sahil's strategy was and could why role I
did it like that they throw the videos normal and
current as he has always done from
Dallas it is that not even from Dallas it
is that he has a network the position to
the black and if he throws this 7 I
do not understand why it comes out that is why I
doubt it listen that it is very
unlikely it would be very optimistic but I
put it there on the table because to do it
can be done if the hypothesis would be a
question
talking to him
if he says he made me as if I told you that
the theory that he has is basically
that he puts the strikes from different
counts because not everyone is set on
guateque and if we do not put behind from
different counts so that they count
as different strikes already but that he
puts two
sets from two counts not from three if you
had gone from behind it is clear if it
had been from three counts without
filters from Dallas ideas it is clear  that
the intention was to make Alcala, well, he
would have won it in the out,
but he doesn't have a strong base to
hold on to, it's that I had the same, you've thrown us out
because it's that you don't, well, if you
read reports from the same gay and doesn't
use the same content on YouTube, you have
n't done it
and then you give it knowing this because I
would try if not, that's what doesn't
fit with me, always on top of that, the email is
written by ass, you put a writing
that you know the other is going to see it,
but to me the most suspicious thing
is because I thought this, not to
citizens, this has been any troll
trying to create, can confirm it,
I can send it to what I want to send
a video to someone and put the review on it,
but then because Dallas hasn't said
anything, that's what shocks me the most
and to think with that then he thinks the same as
me, how strange that he hasn't said anything
because normally in the strip a
star and I don't know what to the south,
well, let's see, yes, what he has said in this
time, he has spoken out to talk about his
feet and the photos of his feet,
not about the strike, no, but well, he talks about his
pieces maybe it's a secret message
and we bought pictures of his feet there's an
explanation
because that's the only thing he's said
equally it's a daycare and another thing I
can't say a daycare
the events and now if he ever
attacks me Paul it's to return the attack
of course we are always
prepared for war but man I don't
think that's the case that we hope not to
get to that but I don't know what
people expect in terms
of the same criticism that I flatly make and I
am clear about it and it's normal that people have an
opinion because I think that 8 is wrong what I'm
going to give my opinion about 8 it seems like Marc
accuses without showing evidence or having
evidence or based on what it is based on
I imagine that they are based on something it will be
based on something because I'm not
used to seeing it I've never seen it
in fact that he accuses without having ar and more
after what has happened to him that he must have something he must have
something it doesn't seem
right to me that he does it
and people and that is true that it is
super clear on social networks as if they
want you to be as close and
as real as possible but then they want you to
act or rather  you are like they
want you to have the opinions that
they want now but the opinions
that they want I do have so
in this case of the extract for example
I think the opinion is unanimous it
is impossible well there are some there are
some who are fans of dale if you say that he
has the channel it seems fine to me
but what is the youtuber the
unanimous base opinion there is not going to be any youtube
that will tell you it seems [ __ ] great to
tim the channel now if you ask me
what is the what is the trigger well I
think the trigger is that the
restaurant was clear the trigger
was the subscribers the thing about the
moderator is the trigger without having
spoken with dallas and having seen now and I
tell you because I know him because I know
the things that bother him I know the ones that don't
bother him and it was Nautile uploading the video
at 2 in the morning the moderator and
the extras arrive at 10 in the morning and
the trigger is the trigger there is no way
that he has made many videos or that he has
clicked from the past or anything
and
also  There are people in the Dallas fandom
who are like, 'I do
n't want to
criticize Dallas or anything like that right now because of the
stressful situations they're experiencing
because of all the work they have on them and
that's also something that seems right to me
but let's see if you have something you see
here in public I am against all
the extras I am always against the
strikes you always know but the
day they make a video about Karime if
you take someone Isaac and the upload Karime will
probably sleep with it
at least I won't do it that way but
maybe I'll go and tell her to send it in the
name of
sativex but
Karim I
already understand but anyone would
do the same as me but the thing is that
criticism 100 million criticism
for a moderator to be taken I don't
see it anymore but no but I want to put something
fraudulent that's why now putting something
fraudulent is wrong but it's that if it's
going to be let's see what example I give you
for example
in a video it
would have more citizen repercussions if I
did  a video answering a car
more than with this that what you are going to
get is more people who are
against loading water
very bad the move the move is pathetic
does not benefit anything benefit the car
is also a
person that is why I say in the video because of how
intelligent I do not understand the move is
approaching a move could have
taken it I made a video says four
things and loses subscribers in car
in insurance says that they also did that they would
also complain to you that I
answered it is that you lose subscribers
because you said I do not know what is there is dirty I
also know that I would do true it could have
done anything else that
would have harmed the Catalan more today
few of four videos of the car and
dismantle it anything but has done
the worst a strike fraudulently
that the other is going to see the email and is going to
publish it that he is not going to take advantage of it
to put more force to gain more
followers and gain more likes and win man it does
not make any sense the
strategy that has been done that is why I
question it
another person appears to me chat me yes he said that
maybe what he was trying to do
a smoke bomb now is talked about
subject of the author and no other
jokes are discussed that I was recently seeing
about him but I don't see it then he doesn't
give a damn about the [ __ ] you
do and when he does something he knows
perfectly well what he's doing and he doesn't care
if they're going to criticize him and he even
does it on impulse and period
south he put an extra on it and he doesn't beat around the bush
Alamos Hanbury I don't know
what he put on premieres I'm going with a
million he put a strike on him and Quesada and
the two doors of reporting it from two
different channels what the [ __ ] did he do
that for now I don't know until he comes out
and tells us if it's him if
evidence is not shown and so on, that's why I
put all the cards on the table for
me when I saw myself when Greg put the
extra on me I already saw I
spoke to the law for him he told me that
he had asked for the video there
was no possibility let's go to Grace 22
a strike when what I have done to him to
see those three and a half videos
is the same, I mean the situations are
different a person with the caress a
problem that has reported us that I don't know
what  oxia
pipes and large flat videos every
day because maybe the load every
day that can be criticized
for quantity man you can use it I see it as
criticizable but I don't see it to give him
a strike it never brings him but you like
you how would you see it how would you see that
suddenly Joan Placa to this day
was still making
1,034 videos to throw me there is
20 it is 80% what would I say and flat out
if the videos did not have a
justification like there is a topic it is to the
PSE or super powerful and so on it would be
quite criticizable if you see any topic it is
to the PSE or HIV then I would see it more
justifiable
say hello
in the chat
and
now hello game of the week goes the battery
this [ __ ]
about the 7th floor HIV if there were an issue
of salt or in which you are
involved etc yes we would see it
justified if they were minutiae of
which they try to get a lot of
videos I would see it less justified more
criticizable
if already like I made right now
70 percent of your videos about
HIV we would tell you everything
and I would look for one is that he has a reason he
has no reason we would tell him everything
to me general lines we would all say
with a roof we would tell him that he is
obsessed and 16 2010 surely yes yes
because I see it as criticizable but he achieved more
criticizable and as has happened a few times he
releases a video of something that is not
important and he starts going around in circles in the
middle of a video that has nothing to do with it
he mentions it is not the same as if
there is a sanse or arquette TVH issues and I
understand it surely in the
political issues and that left it red surely
at the last moment that he can release a couple
of videos a week for sure and to everyone if you will
not be able to release them all if that will be if
the only thing I said in my video was
man I understand that it is made of [ __ ]
but I am not justifying it with extracting
but I understand that this one will be supported it
relaxes me a little and we have already had
problems last year he
reported us also you tried for the
legal two rolls
and comparing the cases not of the gravity
of the things that they have done but of the
amount of videos it has also happened it
appeared with celia albertito in his
moment when he was constantly doing
villas of albertito the herschel if I
think he has warned he could even
sue if he does you think is that there was
no crossover of videos there
is that you only go back back back
x2
despite the things that albertito did
and the serious ones that were only for
existence you think that it is not something good there
are times that I saw it too much it
was the entire channel and an
entire channel for that
yes
already but albertito to make it many
visits and give them to many channels of
many visits I include myself
then I
understand how tempting it is also I do not know if the
tc
well a beautiful a
kiss a kiss
man or the slave who listens listens
and hears a question when you said that
practically dallas the reason why
dallas wanted to take down the channel another already
because of the issue of the moderator a certain don
has said about his miles
no but one of the most probable reasons
that he could do I
think that is the trigger
then because he
wanted to throw three other videos at him but the
video where he practically insulted the
moderator no nothing but let's see  what
brings them fraudulent or rather but not
because he wants to throw out three other
videos you have to simply already in the
argument of the letter emails he
is lying it is complete they have not been
paid he puts his face in the corner
yes but the thing is why not the video
where where he puts the moderator as
author because it was not that one who reported
one of those who reported I think the
trigger for him to have done that is the
moderator's video why didn't he
report that
month
and him because I think the videos
commented that
the channel did not watch it it is a moment
please
the problem
or the night
sorry that I see that the channel was not
going to throw it away I think it was a touch of
fat a touch
in three weeks and the contexts 17
videos that he has not made to such
are 17 and they have been on the subject of
Juande 8 and right now with Auster you know
and I think that in all these issues
Dallas has not pronounced himself so much and
from what people have seen it as more they
notice
screens like that always of demonstrating
evidence and all that subject
and whatever
for me that dallas since he has not
spoken out because you are falling
more christians from my opinion he has not
shown evidence he has not spoken about
any subject and you yes I believe that the subject
of
ari of juan he wanted to save himself
but he has not wanted to continue with the subject
how
is the subject of 8
I think it got heated at the time of the
live and people already took the two that
made it viral but I think that
in fact I imagine that the thing about 8 he
to what he refers to that he has or for what he
says those things he would have had it for a
long time and suddenly he released it at this
moment as it was
in my opinion when many say that
you all the videos that you have made
people say that you do not act against them in
the way that they want to be and
for my project that has been super
normal are or not you have gone neither to one
side nor the other you have done as
your comments have been super half
things and people I think that people
want to see more exact topics and more more
in your previous years as you were
good friends well a hug
good
oval is of legal
age
yes yes yes yes yes sorry I don't
have a camera I don't know right now it doesn't
allow me a camera and well well
to start not only am I going to say
a little or a lot of quick text and it is that let's
remember that Dallas at the time
when everything exploded about the great
conclude he had
received a lot of hate and finally when it
was released let's
say that many people still have
n't taken it as the grandfather Dallas of
the centers well I don't care because
there are people who to this day don't care
or at least they still have that
collective anger inside so when
he started to attack certain channels he
basically uses what I talked about in this
album a friend about what a
witch burning does that comes and exposes other
channels I think that it sort of reactivates
that anger that anger and when it happens what the author does happens let's
say that it sort of identifies itself it
intensifies a little more what at
least in my opinion I say is that
as I tell you this witch burning
nods is done to such an effect
on certain channels but at least
if you can go that if
many people come by think well already  they had
said it here that like no
[Music]
like you're not going to comment on them at the
moment of at least
commenting on what happened, I
mean, I'm not telling you that
as you yourself say I'm not going to attack a
colleague,
the problem, your problem would be that I
don't comment on it at the moment
no no no no no no no but I'm
telling you that the whole thing
about the moves that
Dallas constantly makes of at least
doing this this this and
at least that they affect him and they
affect at least the people the
people around who say well look at
least what he has tried to cancel
acres
these days there was a controversy
congress but that is already the issue part
but
and even so
people still continue to support Greece
anyway the same the halos even
with everything he does he still continues to
support him what I'm trying to say so that I can be
understood is that one way that someone attacks
at least one creator of when they
attack at least the creator
of content these people come
after him and they want to hear people who
are insulting him, aggrandizing him, hey look
but  you agree with me no
yes I agree with you
except for one part but you have already
answered it when you already gave me
the girl beyond you already answered the
question we are not going to be here
repeating ourselves okay time well a
hug because the grace
good
one good afternoon that appears daughter you can hear me
okay it was for some questions
well not only me and I have finished leaving have you
seen me
neither one
nor one
well it was to say no in the
last video you said who author sent
the people to stop to report the channel
of that jerk
but one author did not say that like he said to
report the video not the channel it does not
matter
if it is good but he
insulted him and such I think that you do not
have to insult like there is no
need to tell him to go to the
psychologist or the
psychiatrist
in the
year but it is reported it is believed in the channel
one video two videos whatever
but for clarification we
have all thrown video and we have
reported and we have fought between the
videos
I think that each case has its nuances
if you have already said that like have you
ever gone for a channel that is
playing your games and throws them  vital but you
know it's not right but you did it
and it was also to appear something else that is
a question it's not I'm not accusing you
in and such that are used in the
Johann Planas live in which he loses his
temper at one point you say what
Joan Plana uploads a live no that it is
pu that it is public but then he puts it in
private and you say I could upload the
video because later you put it
in private there is no payment but in the
case that the south did it to Dallas a guy
threw the video and it
happened like this then that as you are
Joan Plana had the videos in public and
what he did was when we
were reacting remove it that is not
valid
but it was to put an excerpt of a video
that Dallas had not uploaded to
YouTube no I do
n't think he first uploaded it to public he
has it set automatically that
many people said it is [ __ ] I
have it
set automatically that I told him for
subscribers
no because I because in the
tweet settings there is an option that sets the
streams leave them for subscribers with
another word and it is an automatic city there is
no that each live has to do
like I for example here  when I finish
live on YouTube, yes, I have to
manually put the live for the members
but in tweets it is an option that you
have marked the videos stay
this is the priest sex that that was a
video if he accepts it
flat, he had the videos uploaded three days
and when we go to comment on videos
we put it on payment that can't
be yes that's why I had that doubt it
was a question so I thought that
first he uploaded it normally then he
remembered and such and then he put it
on this that's why I
don't click 4 out of 10 seconds of
desktop because it is paid when
Saturday
well in the end it
also promotes it is a little they don't do
four seconds for a
good machine a hug go I'm bored
well I know that winning gives the 2016
time travel
these don't upload and some with the camera
set to remove
I come to tell you without further ado
my opinion regarding what's
happening lately topic and out the
Dallas topic and now I don't know if you have read my
comment that I doubt a lot because they have you
had lame in comments on the
video yeah
and it was to communicate that yes more not
only I wanted to know your opinion  regarding the
subject because it is regarding this opinion
and it is noticeable that I am not the only one who is
getting a lot of vibes lately
that when it comes to talking about Dallas for example it
is obvious that since he is your
colleague you are not going to talk to me you are going to throw
[ __ ] at me maybe you are not going to put this on a
beast you are not going to cut him off but
yes, many times it is noticeable as if they
soften or soften the subject but they
soften when it comes to commenting on the
criticism it softens a lot and there are times
that maybe that is simply my point of
view in my opinion and it is like what
and
now how not to justify but if I want to
try to find a twist to
see analyze it soften it justify
well let's see soften the justify
there are times that if not justify but they do
arrive I don't know if it is arrived I don't know if it is
really to justify or not but yes
I commented towards yes but for example it is
normal that for example Dallas maybe there are
few they talk balls to have I
what do you imagine you have left an author like he is you
know like sneijder who maybe when it comes
to speaking he is very brutal and
the videos are very beastly I think that
we agree on that but yes,
lately there's been the issue of ar and
juan the hosting now the issue of yes
but in that what is justified
in the video itself is seen in it it
looks less weak
then you see
where they softened it that is
at the time and it is at the time of
commenting on the criticism that in some
loaded that I have commented
right now I would not know how to tell you
entrepreneurship is this but yes I
say for example that he softens them
is what he has done
and he says it for example in the video
now he is trying to look well
more or less I am going to pull from memory
in the video for example of a woman which
is the one I have most recent which is the one I have
seen today and it continues with vibes
that when you go to as commented for
example supposing in the case that it would have
been him or in the case that he
said that his violin
in fact he was a violinist
so we took income at least to
think of well well maybe if he
said this it will be with knowledge
of the facts but they are giving more or less the
same a possible explanation
certainly let's
see about 8 I am not saying  It
seems good that you say it because that's what you say, you
say it for a reason, that's how people
want to transform it. I say, it doesn't seem
bad to me, you're saying it but you're
saying that you get vibes of, I don't know what it
is that many people have understood that I have
said that I have said, well, lose, he
has told him that for a reason, that's not what
I say. I say, no, but it doesn't seem
right to me that you go to a person like that,
even though they
have told you that I take it for granted
from the experience that he has, what has
happened to him, no, he has never slandered
anyone, he never accuses without proof. I
imagine that when he is doing it it is
based on something, he should have
controlled himself, not rubbed them in the wrong way,
but for the moment things have changed to
that suddenly Dallas says it,
suddenly, come on, he says it at that moment there
was nothing, no proof or anything,
but for the moment it's not that 8 is
guilty, 8 will always be innocent, but for the
moment
we have changed the scenario to that 8
are being denounced by Torres, there
is already some movement, that's why I am not going to
put my hand in the fire for 8, neither for
one nor for the other,
I simply put  here the possibility
listen the first video seemed
incredibly horrible to me how I was
freaking out with all the things he did that I don't know
what the hell he does with that thing of you're going crazy
now from there to me saying that he did it
without proof because he's
slandering him, in the first place you would have to
have no idea what business he has you
know but based on what I
know about him
I imagine that it was based on something listen that
then he is wrong that then it is
false what he had or I don't know
this is going to say if for example you have
witnessed the robbery and you accuse someone
not of accusing but you continue reporting let's say
apart from reporting him to the police you
also report them not publicly
saying that he is a thief and you say it
well with that proof that you have that you
have seen him do it there are for example
only and they slander insult but if
there is someone who has told you that
this person is a thief they are going to do
that it is that it is never very very clear to me
how the how the matter goes if a team
slander is that you know that a
person is innocent and yet I am
trying to charge him with a crime yes  you
're doing it with reckless disregard for
the truth then you need to be
totally convinced that 8 out that would
n't be slandering that would be
wrong maybe
in the century when he had the
first ones that one of the minors wrote to me
sending - audio telling me that he had
lied and that he made up a fact that it
is an invention to the other that to think
that when they come to me to tell me is that
Dallas your city defends the canons
that it touches my dick saying let's
see gentlemen that I have here on my cell phone
audio of the very people who accused
giving it to the funk then is recognizing to me that it
is false you know are the first the
second that he has won the trials where
the abuse of things all all and have been
proven in the trial that I don't know why he has
n't published many of the cars but
those guys and the cars are devastating
when they get to the trials and to
demonstrate with facts that the accusations
were lies people are
slandering him whoever wants to slander him
because he is slandering them bet to
see the same now I have not said as
people are saying
if Lighthouse is  a 8 is that it is fine
for a reason it will be
or for example now the thing about the stranger if the
extra position and for some reason it will be that also what was
said
no but let's see
at first neither but
something like that in a forum of calling calling
cocaine addict is suable by
civil means in the case that it cannot be
proven and that it cannot be proven it is
suable by civil means you could
get a fine for the right to honor in
this case but
point number one it is not slander
because he is not accusing him of a crime
taking drugs no it is not a crime he is a
drug addict it is not a crime it is a crime to
sell the one that I know and things like that but
everything will be
called someone has told you it is not
accusing him of a crime then that is not
slander okay slander in the
criminal way an insult a defamation would be
prior civil second the rubios what did
after that
no more good with what he said but he
acknowledged some of the things that
dallas said he
had acknowledged trying it I do
not want to say anything it sounds to me like he said that he acknowledged
that he had tried
but well
tell me sorry
this surely would have been some
comment so that they do not overlap
wait I've already lost my mind
illusion let's
see what I'm going to tell you but if
there is someone who has commented to
imagine a person comes and says not
all this person has stolen I have
seen him and then he directly transfers and I
have a video this person is a
thief I don't know what also to use the word
well hypothetical alleged or a possible that would not be that is not a
crime it is not a
crime it
is reportable of suable by
civil law yes but
sending him by civil law but it is not
slander if he is convinced that
this crime is true it is not slander and
then sending him by civil law yes but
if you sue him you risk that he
expresses why he believes that information and if
he can more or less prove that it is
true not true but you will see
pay the costs that he demands
more understood was simply ask yourself
that question and then we will comment on it there the
logical thing would have been that 8 if it is a
lie the most logical that 8 comes out and
would have said from moment 1 that is
what I would do if they accused me of
something very ugly as ugly as that and it is a
lie I  I would instantly come out and say
this is false and I'm not going to allow anyone to
tell me but the thing is that 8 doesn't get wet he
takes four direct and that man
who had while you were watching the video the
face we all had trying to
decipher to see what the hell was going on
why it happens it's a
huge desire that they will start and then he was going to start
laughing for the slaves it's true
or rather like putting surnames in
that he wasn't going to be straightforward when it came to
commenting on things I don't know if it's because they
would have recommended him to do it or I don't know but that
happens the desire
but and then the issue of those who
report him a couple of times until more or
less it won't be seen until there is a
sentence
6 -
which doesn't mean that he is guilty that is that you do
n't want and whoever is
guilty of course but no, I don't
put them against me one meanwhile I'm
going to give the most prudent opinion
possible separately lest
later I end up looking like a clown for one for the
other the
options the options
[Music]
well let's see now good time good if you
listen to me if I listen to you you are one of those
who enjoy the most  comments no
apology call already passed tutu link of
sagnier den
live I already said that if a hater wanted to
upload then they should upload because I know that they
may be looking for an inter they
only uploaded more to clarify
some points that I think no one is
taking into account
I personally think that Dallas
may come out to talk about this subject although
I know that maybe he does not want to give more
hype to this author but I think that he
has not come out to speak because of the collaboration
that he right now has with aliexpress he has
uploaded three videos in a row I think it
is this same week and I think that with
that he has had a lot of work apart from
being in osh and the other projects
that he has a mind is not going to give it fly
tena because he does not need to raise the subject
yes exactly I think that so much can
come out to speak to say that he has not
been or that if it has been either of
the two options winners that does not
depend on that he can pass
olympically difficult and
his
content and his reputation remain completely the same now another
thing that I also think is that
possibly it has not been the reason
because he always lives emphasizing about
good writing  and what bothers him when
people don't have good
grammar and if the comment he sent
to peel about downloading the videos and
all that is not well written, well I
simply
tried to demonstrate, I don't know if I have the
screenshot here yet but I don't have it here, that not
only is it poorly
written, it is written, it is
filled out poorly where it says where it has
where it says
[Music]
legitimacy to report your video
where it has to put the
content creator or representative in Ecuador or
whatever it is and the arguments are
poorly written, it is poorly written and poorly and
poorly filled out it continues exactly then
for the time it takes to give them on
the platform, well I don't think he doesn't know how to
fill out one of those forms and
the truth is no, it doesn't make much sense to me,
equally that I have done it from the what
the game account, well it doesn't make
sense to me, there is a lot else that I
also wanted to comment here is that well
to you and if they come to tell you
a lot that you are not giving
the author the right or things like that or that you are
trying to soften the issue but well in
reality nobody says anything to him
to the author when he goes overboard with the
words that he sometimes says to
Dallas for example I think that the only thing they
want to see is blood or rather for
you to give your opinion and for people to speak badly of Dallas the
first thing I
know
that I
but that's already water for
last summer knows exactly
if I need it not in my thing right now
nor would I get into dilemmas and
another one is mounted and I don't need because 38 thousand topics
if I don't go with the lady eria and talk
about those topics one day I
have a lot of other content that doesn't
depend on in fact then if it's worth super
toxic super poisonous all for the subject
and bye then it
's the comments the iter exactly
and then well you emphasize them it seems
because I saw the video the video and some
of the live shows
this morning again when
the video was bad and I saw it again the video I
see it [ __ ] great or boyfriend is
perfectly fine
neither of them can be bothered nor either of them
can feel attacked and yes I have
said what seemed right to me mother what
seemed good to me continue exactly and how
even you put the frozen extract and
well you also support  that you are not
really supporting that I know that
the videos are being downloaded and also that with these three
videos that are being thrown good
as for them to give it to the channel because it would
count as a single strike then it
is not with the part that they are not going to
throw it what I had less directly
azzurra a very strong hug okay
continue exactly well see you will
open everything that wants to say
hello good I am
not it is heard well tell me are you one
of those who have enjoyed in the
comments
not exactly but you could say that it
has a little haters and I do not sympathize
precisely like seeing
on youtube I
write it to you it is a little letter by
letter
tell me
but it has not died
and I left
d
the elephant finger
n of no
team
yes
n n
wv
to hr
in a comment it has been left in that a
bar
we go to a future has not commented to me
in this last no no no
no
but let's see I have my opinion
I was looking to have wanted so angry
irrational
well
regarding you I think it has been
benevolent with Dallas I imagine that
the relationship with the two
but for  to make this situation of a
strike well an attempted strike
fractures in everything or to take the channel
even I think that it has been benevolent
because it is something that you criticize very
strongly and if it had been any other
- Dallas I think it would have been more to the
neck without harder stronger than well
maybe you have criticized him if with those I
agree but let's see with some compassion
that it is not bad d that
the moment is not expected friend
moment the lens
but tell me
well that of possession that had been
benevolent and benevolent with the two
but I do not want problems I have treated the
subject as respectfully as possible
[Music]
yes yes okay my point goes more towards
Dallas more almost to you I think that he
is reaching a point where he is
mentally collapsing I am
not saying that he has a disorder he studied
psychology
of a disorder or crazy but without closure
that his mental health is doing is
very deteriorated I say that because of
stress
the next one that has many projects
the one of the game this the fourth a good one
whatever it is called the 2 in the good the
promos
not of being god that is a roll of
whiskey and the videos for the channels
that they maintain is crazy  I'm going to
be I'm
going to write to the one from half an hour
and now how's it going
6 and tell me that he
's crazy basically that he
's focusing on so much stress
to get the hunger diagnosis
please well talk but being and that
is taking a stress and that's why
acting and rationally the well they are the
strikes
and I in me a hater
or rather now when this I'm going to sit down
at the comment box of
everything and hater none uploads
wait
ah
efe
last from 3 saying that it takes
an hour and it's 7 in the afternoon
wait wait it's
not included in the eternal incoming
the incoming
as
[Laughter]
hahaha
let's see let's take a look at the
twitter of this person
who came with a lot of balls not to
debate them macho have you seen like this me not
this guy who was challenging me to
debate the design of the town that they
were insulting them that
here I send him a tweet can you imagine that I
also won this complaint it's when I
go to the Dallas channel and I laugh in his
[ __ ] face okay so that you go eat
a little the context is who is this
guy okay  how it is
here he's fighting with a guy here he
's fighting with another person
on his twitter and he insults him with
xenophobic insults that literally
poor Mexican let's use and you take pictures
of tinto t-shirts and on top of that it's
a very very
[Music]
very common thing and mts with the physique
every time he's fighting
hater every time he's fighting with
someone he takes pictures from his networks of what is being
discussed and starts
publishing it okay involved in the physique and
so on
the boy is not collapsing
thanks to me here in Dallas I was
putting up a statement I don't remember him
doing it about the revival and illas and he's
coming he wasn't going to invite you either the
truth hahaha with all my love but your
presence is not acclaimed by anyone okay what
else did he have here for him
and
sexist insults these facts fighting
coronato integrative and I enjoy
sexist okay waiting for you to come
wash the floor for me like a good woman
cody thank you very much for
coming to wash the floor for me darling
anyway
here here here
the friend
here the friend
is responding to you already riki eddie
making fun
of Cuba
crying because they got a
strike there's
nothing there's nothing they waited
here he's messing with Dallas
okay
in which he's saying that hopefully this
when he made the Salva video do you
remember Alba that outside the car no and
Dallas made a video here he's saying
take the Salva get a strike and make
Dallas a video praying
hopefully the Salva gets a strike and makes
a video crying
here he was talking about the priest who
put Dallas up
first of all good afternoon my dear
Mr. Javi Oliveira how have you been
now if that boy who just fled the
debate I just remembered about the
pitiful tea he's only selling smoke and he acts
brave putting up tweets xd xd xd we've
been here for two hours and none of them uploaded
surely because of the comments
enjoying myself and telling me
disgusting things pets dog and stuff I'm
sure ais will instartare are you waiting for
the live to end because of the comments
dallas gave him the strike for the things he
said about him I would also give it to him
the truth
is that those types of people if they upload
can't argue those people
simply insult the people they don't
like me and others uploaded to clarify
things
classic
here he is messing with a person
that the collision put himself in his live and
takes it and says I hope that with that put
of site supposedly by the
collision the account is closed and life
too
and life too
luckily the pan visits are like
the plague of the internet uh go
down the little steps are the plague of the
internet did not have
and people like you
ah
perfect
this is basically here he is
arguing with someone and he is saying that it is
not relevant to release clips or release
things from four years ago that people
changed
anyway friends thank goodness for the verbal
but to the one who went to the town thank
goodness thank goodness
friend how are you
listening
and what is it for
now yes well you
are there it means that we are I did
not expect the question that we
were reiterated I do not know
if you are gt2
well
look I tell you
sorry tion of the first time that I
have to speak calm calm
also they
are also very  roosters in insulting but when it comes to
facing them they hide in my
town they are called cowards thanks my
skirt continues sorry action
this question is a trick question
because
as I see it you are starting from a
base that is false and it is pretending that
all the people who during the short
issue of battery 8 gave you the like and let's
say
and commented something in disagreement
pretending that all these are feats let's
see tell me your name on youtube I do
n't know saying a comment I have never
commented they are not
just commenting I never commented on
youtube anything
to see on youtube
search and I
know they are looking for tucano juan a
barkos
that is the name that I think
yes
apart from not calling you one marcos de llama
gonzalo
well I put the name like this in the
back and the one on my youtube account is that
if you do not want us to see the
comments that are put on youtube
if you want it is more if you want some
proof some evidence
basically I put it to you in a simple way
I think that more than anything the problem does not
come from that if you are say like
trying to defend the area because in
fact when they have made the comparison
what was
Juanjo's name blogs  no also with an on
strike issue in both cases you said the
strike we are at the point
clear but what is happening and it is
because of the discontent of the people
that it is not that you are trying to prove Dallas right
that no or rather your sentence
is firm it is the strike is wrong
but what we say the question is that
you try to quilt let's
say how am I going to try I
said that they should remove that
tool from youtube of course but let's
say we clarify the difference it
is not the same as what we are going to give it if you
simply say the strike is wrong
or that even let's say also that you do not
want to say it no but let's agree that it
could be added that it is a hypocrisy on the
part of age those who are being
so critical of the
youtube system in the video in the video I say that it
gives the skin it is supposed that he thought the
same as me and that he is also creating
a platform for it of course of course
but where would that supposed
quilting come from where you say I saw the
last video that you uploaded to be the subject
of the author
these 5 minutes saying
that they were going to what  what dallas did
is wrong if he did it no you
also put that possibility that I
can of course of course
well and then you are another
15 minutes saying well but he
authorized many videos but dallas
maybe even has something maybe something
detonated it and then look at these comments
these haters how bad they are let's say
and I honestly have not done that
with other youtubers who have criticized them
for doing this
disease
well but then let's say you are
moving the focus of attention to what
dallas did
moving the focus attention the video that I
made for the hater more than to
comment on the subject I have no reason to
comment
haters for you from what I see it I don't
think that the haters are a large
amount logical they are always a minority not
in today's video in the video it shows
that they are haters by putting myself in their account and
not only did I put many thanks by
putting myself in their accounts and that not
only have they been calling dallas a pedophile and
other things but of trying
for five years or so I don't know to what
extent eyes or I can't like Portugal
if you have  seen the video if you have seen in the
video what I do is show that they are
haters and that they do not care about an
injustice, they are important black, you only
can not work what is happening
from my point of view no, I wanted to
get an objective opinion and there is the
possibility that you are
cherry picking you know what that is let's
say select
a compilation of
specific evidence that let's say if you see it in a
general way it is a large minority a
large one for they do not want us to go
users well at home or here in the
comments here for example of the two
the 2010 likes that they gave you in the video
if they are all all all
are these sure so many people if you want I
pay for one by one let's see what
comments because I tell you this because I
tell you this now if you want you
can show me I am talking
mainly about the evidence that I
weigh because I forgot that it exists with a
virus comments and it was a comment
with three likes a comment with 15
likes there was one that had a little more
than 100 likes but if I go down to the
same comments of the video where you get
that I see comments with 600 likes and
up let's say  allow me that's what what it
always does is the same as
last year in the spotlight wing and that
is definitive mishima definitively if they
have few likes therefore they have little
support they are not a majority it
's that I do not understand what is
in the video and not only are the
comments vomitous but
apart from that they fill them with like or in other words what it
does is comment vomitously because it
vomited these vomit that they put
several comments normally they put
several comments each one not just one
several comments each one and also not
all the comments are looked at where
laia everything that is against but
again I do not know
about all the groups I do not know how many of
them will have all the characteristics
that you just mentioned all
all the
points that you want or so that is what it
means that they are not haters and I
can take the 9 we just did it it's
a while we have gone to the comments
of the fairy's video and we have taken as much
at random and the comments you look for
here
against in contrast some that were very that
said barbarities you entered and
discovered that they said even more
barbarities
but well but that one  it was the vast
majority of comments and the vast majority
pushed and so three or four I did it yesterday
the video decline mainly in the encore
as if it doesn't want us to do it
but let's see what
comments have
since 2020 of 2019
in this same live
and
I saw that a couple of times
where you pass let's tell you that even
now but without comments
let's say sorry and that did it in
contrast to many who said the theory
that
the majority and the vast majority dislike and
the vast majority of the majority are not
but that they make more noise and more disgusting if
the majority are not evidently if they
barely even receive support they have very few
likes on their comments
but YouTube
in what world do you live I mean literally the
most voted comments are
disgusting eye eye eye eye I'm
talking one thing is a comment of
that approval another thing is a
comment that says something disgusting
the comments or disgusting 90% of
yesterday's video is not sure no I have not
done the mathematical calculation I have not
counted but what is your point that
discredits that my point is that the vast
majority of comments from  disapproval
that I have are haters are simply my
point this are people who
for what sentence at the beginning
perhaps for this question of seeing that eye I
am not sentencing that this is but
but from their point of view
you are padded
but
that perhaps with the let's say what I
raise a simple question they see it
that way
if you come to talk about them
they perceive it is in third person
where padded
where we live do not say they perceive what you
say
but we perceive I would be putting the
same bag that you are putting to
everyone of haters who
love me of youtube users because it
is surely the same bag but
well I have already said here that I was notified to
dallas no
7 the sound
detailed the sound
the sound
nothing try it now again if you want
hello
jiménez can you hear me I do
not want to go last there is a guy
named edgard who wants to go
first
yes because he is not a skater but you know I
want to go last because I consider myself that you
consider myself the hater let's see tell me your
youtube user I
cannot give it to you obviously because I do not know
why  it's that last year maybe
when all this started in one go
when the tula uars thing started it was
when I started to see the author and well I got
a little out of control when I'm going to give you
my usual direct access user
control a little let's see tell me the donkey leave it
posted it
's not that I can't give it to him
coward don't stop looking no don't
start deleting these balls that on
top of that you're giving us the face and
the
sugar fool if you are sure that you are a
coward
brave
brave the comments but then you are
a [ __ ] coward throw balls for the
box
tell me to my face what you have to tell me that's why
until the end I'm going to let it
happen that I need
I want to serve the shoes sleep
outside look
outside at everyone you and me
and now tell me your [ __ ] nickname on youtube
for the camera and tell it to my face
man it's that I can't learn the
camera they can users if you want the
truth about your user
advances let's search because it has an accent
to the vega don't delete the comment I'm not going
to delete it comment
but the camera can put it like that
no I can't put my camera why
in my  bed you are what you
are you are a [ __ ] coward that you will
dedicate yourself to posting nonsense without showing your
face because it is very easy but showing your
face you do not dare obviously
obviously
in
the face knowing what the
user says it has already been
demonstrated what cowards you are a piece of
[ __ ]
coward that whatever you say you are
coward that you are that you are not going to give the
nickname of youtube not even so that we can
see the things you write they receive you
and you can see it if we prove that you
liked them equally let's
see what it cost you the first one I did not
want to give it and we will see if this is
the real nickname from where you write what you
write
this is your username for sure let's
see to let you
start your live
that there are hardly any comments from Eduardo
Pérez I
do not have a power rangers icon it does not
come out are you of legal age yes because you
think that I am a minor because of the voice
that I have truth and because I do not want to
learn my camera but no if it does
not appear to me that you have commented
on the channel
then it is not I have my comments that I have
posted
from there he commented man the kid
is not stupid that they then give him  sticks
in Mexico face twisting with laughter
what does
coward mean no I'm not going to put the camera it was
the so coward you're not a [ __ ] [ __ ]
we'll see
for now you are
but what I want you to put the
camera really we do
n't only see now
when you want to do a keita what is it that you
want to ask don't stop he
told me to go to what I commented
today that I think he commented today let's
see well yesterday was when I saw your video that I do
n't know you know how what
all of us who are haters tell you that they
call you dog and that you're the
Dallas dog that you're afraid of him or rather, once
again you recognize
that you put that nonsense on me not what you
tell me everything that I am the geyser
if you dare the majority of Hitler we are what we
say so we have that you are the
Dallas dog and all that is worth the
damage you tell me that I'm
afraid to tell Adala the thing and that I
am her machine dog
last year yes last year
yes also last year I also told you
okay  that I am the dog age because I am
afraid of him no
man of course man well 12 you are
telling me that you are my dog ​​because I am
a dog because he is afraid of me how am I afraid of you you are
afraid of me you do not give me your
real username and do not put the
camera you are my dog ​​is
that I am not afraid of you then they
are afraid of the foreseeing I am
afraid of you you are not afraid of me to see through the
camera not at night fool I am not going to
put my camera
the fear that you [ __ ] but it is that he does not
even give me your username
look today there is in my three channels in when
commenting the study with that name you are
my dog ​​I want great ethics you I
think you want to see what you
want to say no no come for the camera
no no I think I want to ask to see
what you want to add your twitter under mega
is I do not have twitter either hahahahaha and
delete it do you
want stringer does it
have youtube you told me that he has
commented on your comment does not appear to me in
the comment box
I do not know coincidences happen ha ha ha
since I
am afraid that
they will be afraid that I am afraid of
the sale in what
man well art
well all those who entered here some
objects  and they were giving an opinion that
you did not comment on what he
says he is afraid of, that he
is a colleague who is a friend, you are
not going to make a criticism then he
makes a criticism so that he admits his
mistakes a
man has not seen himself I do
not know how to try to soften the issue of the
codes justifies it you are not
saying these comments as I want to
warn you that he does not make many videos
I I
have said
the trigger surely
this or this has been done I understand that he is fed up with
Now Tele making many
videos and the way it is done but I
do not justify the strange ones
I have not said that
the scum of the comments
where is the fear
your true opinion to that pressure that
comes is in exchange and end in true let's
see I will summarize it easily
summarize it is not healthy in my opinion
true
man it is not
for you it is not this is my
true opinion what is
pet tell me how I have some quotas if you
are my pet tell me which one is true I
do not know
[Laughter]
if
this is also
when you want me to tell you why we get
angry why do most
people get angry and why  he became so rebellious
because basically we come we follow an
author and as you already know last year with
a war where many beings
subscribed from birth and some
stayed you know that the majority hate go
with aute I'm not going to get involved in the
slightest to criticize or give an opinion or
anything simply the subject brings by I don't
think he should relax a little it
's also fine but well
I like that it's about blood because it was
one you are a disgusting person who does not
want to vomit so if there are not many
more followers yes yes much more that
is clear that is why saying that is good does not
mean that you are
positive and toxic people how not if you can
perfectly enjoy the salt followed
and without pet blood
poster I would love to see the face of my
pet it must be epic if it makes a
fool of itself without showing its face look at
showing its face
already that's why I tell you
what do you expect a hater to
show you his face admitting the
stupid things that he says obviously to the
majority that we are haters we say it so it does
not stop to make people angry
and you know you saw us in blood 3b  q3
any more arguments
where you want to ask me already appears is
88 hello weather in face to sweat it
any more arguments pets
pet your dallas mascot because
I have made it to be his mascot
you are not afraid and you know it tell me in giving
your opinion as it is and what is my
opinion
with an opinion where you will not try to
soften the subject for example tell me what
my opinion would be let's see tell me
if I were no longer afraid of him what would be my
opinion
one where I really recognized that he is
making a mistake without trying to
soften this
metal and I have literally given my opinion
and I have said that it is wrong for the extra and I have
said that typical of it
as always we give the strikes
already but but but you wanted a couple of
slanders through pedophiles like
pedophiles through
neuron faults [ __ ] sick or things like that did not
stop him no
then it is 0 as in not trying to
soften
without trying to include that
in trying to inscribe that I understand
why he gets angry because the strong neutral
the trigger but then I am not
saying not giving you my entire opinion if I do
not say  that thanks to the fire whenever you
want
but however I want it's not that if you want me to give
my opinion I'll give it if not no but let's
see tell me what I should have said
for him for you to like it and
don't cry like there's no you're that tell me how it should have been for you to like making videos and don't cry I'm not crying I'm literally imagining the face and you have to be ready with the loudest talk that's you with Dallas you know but at what moment why do
you want your pets
faithful to their owner because the owner of your
owner is there and you are faithful to him I
understand you know but just like you to you
but then no no it's that I'm not a
pet but if you don't dare to show your
face Kim already tell me user having to
go through your opinion but if my first
Latino in all these videos
like I don't dare to say that I get
involved in all the topics
says it's not with Dallas
but as you
see it how it is to hold
this guy accountable but
that's what you wanted not
talking a hater with someone who hates
bullets is what  I wanted
you to expect from us
I hope it
's a real power 20 in the face
come on go go power rider
but don't take a step forward I
'm not stupid what if you're a [ __ ] idiot I do
n't know what you want coward whatever
your pet is but I'm not stupid you're not stupid
you're my pet you're a coward you're
Dallas's pet they're afraid of their
owner you know but you don't know how to argue in
what what is it that I ca
n't say for example
imagine
what I had to have said in this video
tell
me I apologize on behalf of the Mexicans
for this hater so grinch thanks the
envy tell me what I had to have said
in this video I do
n't know things as they are
connection for example
where he really criticizes that he made a
mistake without trying to soften that he
makes many videos and it's tell me
tell me a phrase that having
said this this and this
nothing nothing
but then
give them the bun
back to school that's how it would be each one there are
people with good arguments
[ __ ] who say nothing that
supposedly has just been
described perfectly
why you are not capable of an
hour and a half the one that is not hours with pure the
balls if the one who doesn't leave me stranded
I'll go with telam -
the one who doesn't leave me stranded just like you let's
see tell me how I should have said it
pet I
'm not your pet
since your pet I'm not afraid of
anything I can't learn my camera that
means that your twitter and obviously
the things that I've said no no no maybe I
will but if you put the thing because
now he's afraid that we'll see the things he's
put on youtube
then for the poor things and then you're
afraid that we'll see that the handsome [ __ ] cowardly
pet
shut your balls
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha okay
I go two and a half hours
when my wife is going to tell me no the
street we
can track and the hours that you want and it will
be like this
and it will be like this
man now Juan Marco calls you
and we do
n't hear like that you want let's say
have the veracity of knowing what
my account is
give me some method to send you a
jacket and how many more tell me your
arguments
well basically before I was saying before that my
audio cut out before
basically it's a simple question it's
a very very  simple
people for the arguments that I told you
that or that
the arguments that they
perceive on your part
a hypocrisy by not attacking in the
same way against
a hypocrisy would be that is a
hypocrisy you know what a hypocrisy is
or let's say there is
a circumstance in which he carries out an
action and you criticize him there is another
youtuber who will carry out the same action and does
not criticize him or he is criticized in a different way
the hypocrisy would be if I take now there is
a video defending Dallas and
saying that it is very good that they put
extra to another
that would be a hypocrisy to say for
one thing of course and for another day the
opposite or literally ignored I have
said looked at all the videos that I have
on the subject of the strikes this
tool should be removed and of
course I am in total disagreement
with this so perhaps the hypocrisy
for you is that I did not insult him no of
course if not it would not be a hypocrisy of
my error but in any case
you say let's say for an honest question and I
think that you said it to someone who came to
debate right here before and you consider that
Dallas, let's say you don't take it
out because he's your partner or something
like that,
obviously not, but he doesn't take it out on me either, no, no, but let's
say, but I ask one
thing, he attacks me, but
let's say being an
auditory youtube, a question to be objective,
a question,
he attacks me, friendships are biased, let's see, they don't encourage the question, he attacks me,
no, he criticizes me, no, he
when I still haven't left for not attacking,
t no, then he's afraid of me because
why doesn't he attack me and why isn't he
talking about me in the comments,
that's another thing, that's another topic. I was listening,
be
clear
when he attacks me when I put my
foot in it, no, he criticizes me when I
put my foot in it, no, I don't think his content
draws attention, talking about voice, but
because if his life makes video criticism,
well, let's say yes, well, but now
criticism of something that draws attention,
nothing less than I sent you a big mistake. I
don't think the wise name would
release the title would draw much attention
in other campers, but I understand your
point  I understand your point, I understand them,
so 12 he doesn't attack me and he doesn't
criticize me if I make a mistake, but no, the
title is who and live when he
asks for opinions, he always usually says a
councilor that since he doesn't attack you, you
shouldn't attack him, no, the point
is clear, as long as someone doesn't
attack you, you can't attack him, but
criticism then to give an opinion with
respect without dissing others, not without
attacking, you shouldn't attack with, well, but let's
say saying that someone is
wrong is attacking them,
then what I said was that they were
wrong by putting stress,
yes, but again what I'm saying
is a 19-minute video of which
5 minutes, that is, were wrong about the strike
and the rest, but not about the bar, there is no
more minutes that the strike is wrong,
what problem do you have with the rest of the
minutes and I'm talking about something else, the
rest of the minutes
with no other person, but
no other person and it's the cloud of
disgustingness that has around
11,
well, but the point is, let's make a
video of what you want to do is show
the haters that have wings  and what is the
problem let's
say I see it as a way of
dishonestly believing that people empathize
with Dallas
when it is simply wrong, I
mean, the gestures are the haters are always
minorities they are always flies that
are flying in the air and where is
the problem in that my video several
dedicated to those disgusting people when
I am completely right and the tablada
commented to me well let's say that we
would be it is noticeable that this is done let's say
for a matter of wanting they
want to emphasize more with one side
trying to show how to cook with
Iván Gaitz who they are enjoying no
no with Dallas the
people that I grind pongolle or the
people that I expose from the comments
here that are enjoying
summer 97 they call you they call you
dog and those corals then I have
the right to point out those comments
in my video
absolutely yes but then what is
the problem
the point is that let's say that takes that away from
my criticism regarding the extras
well it adds a padding precisely
that it will add cut two of padding
also the fact that I criticized that it is
bad put extra where the quilt
the asses hater
the quilts of the quilts you
because really with your attitudes
what is noticed is that you do not make the
movements that you make for an
injustice or moves the disgust that you have for
a person and that in reality I do not
care about the issue of strangers it does not matter
to you what matters is that it
is something against giving him a
good opportunity to go against
him the issue of the stars you do not
care a [ __ ] it does
not seem that we are an NGO
against the Beltrán as well what
is intended when you go to other
channels to demand that he speak
is very simple there is discontent because
people are not let's say a certain
dishonesty but now let's see tell me what I
had to have said about the extra
because if you say that I am not a fact you
are saying that I do not think what I
really think
if you are telling me that I am
dishonest
dishonest you are saying that I
am not asking for what I really think
tell me what would it be that I really
would have to say where are they
necessarily students it is then  what is it
essentially what I'm getting at is that
there is a topic that I bring you some things it
's a video talking about the strike but
also filling most of the
video not a small part half the
majority of the video they talk about other
topics that include comments from
haters
[Music]
the
topic comes in and those comments are like
lyrics I don't understand at what point I have to
send you the script of my video
so that you like what I put in what I'm
not
studying the opportune now that it is
today for you an
example that what I'm getting at is that the
strike as you said was the point
to grab or rather here here it comes to where it
comes to start collecting comments on
feats you do that with other topics
too of
course a lot of topics but like here that it
comes
in the main channel what it comes from that
or rather the comments have nothing to do with the topic
the comments were attacking this voice and it has
nothing to do with the topic the
topic of Dallas and he put the
comments have nothing to do with
giving him or the strike
yes but let's say that
the conclusion that he draws from those of the
because you put it in the video well  the
conclusion of respect
for
all no no no
with everyone no with bad
expressions in the video it's about
haters
the title censorship and comments
the title is called
the topic the topic of
the haters' comments has totally to do with
the rest of the topic but it's trying to
slip in as if to say there is a
relationship it doesn't make all the sense
in the world but the thing is at what point
what is the problem with me talking about
that within the video
that it uses it as a tool like
to cut
I want to give him something burned Dallas did
something wrong period period it's May
right now I'm in your video and in
Dallas' video of Frost I'm seeing
the comments right now
and honestly I tell you I mean I don't see
the nonsense that you're saying that you don't
see that there are people who are telling you
the typical thing that well
saying the same thing as me without saying
any majority is saying that let's
see that he
disagrees with you I'm not
seeing the comments
the comments let's read the
comments
aute is breaking it and is eating
from the current controversy very good for him and I
hope they don't take away his channel they
will even
see Dallas and it says  extra and we're going to
forget that he put the one about anita space
boom and I don't
even know you
're lying directly this
comment no no it
's not lying this comment is
directly being less I don't
know the space buddies issue you're
saying like I said another
trying to say that dallas doesn't put
strike
how pathetic xavi when it comes to
dallas you tiptoe but with the
others you lower your neck
rational
you are being pathetic for giving my opinion
with respect then how do you want him to
be calling them haters for god's sake
but let's not say it's what you're
grabbing people who simply
disagree and putting it in the
bag of haters that in the bag of
haters nothing else there are people who say
barbarities I repeat the
question to your wall and frank all
oral all 2,000 comments the
likes all all later dressed frank
let's see if they are or frank what you say
or bad or not
frank morales
let's see if yes yes it is like that but it's not worth it
javi has shat himself time and time again on those
who try to throw or subdue he would be
taking advantage of the system like  dallas
in this case
apart from if it were you who was involved
the word hypocrisy was the most used
but since it is dallas he only says that he
understands that he puts himself in his shoes that he
gave the author a touch
literally literal the same
I am saying it yes but I have been in
lie this no this is not like that in the
video I do not say that
no well let's say there is
an issue of dialectics and also but let's
say
what he is raising is that let's say
when if someone else does it you attack if
Dallas does it it's like let's say 15
minutes of video trying to quilt
but the thing is that I am not quilted
obviously I am not going to enjoy it as
others enjoy it which is
not to shorten the opinion of which one
is wrong okay and what else
unless the strike system
should not exist do
you think it seems strange to you that Dallas does
this
our mind has said also I have said
that it does not benefit him at all that
benefits London more than him
now let's say from what I remember why do
you find it strange that Dallas denounces the
videos knowing that the things that he
writes reach the  author
something
[Music]
and where is the problem with my opinion I don't
understand where is the problem with
our opinion the problem is that
people see
that there is a bias and the obvious event and the
only thing people are doing is
highlighting that in the comments that are
saying in the comments that have
slipped in and I think we are the mascot
the mass comments the comments
[ __ ] arc and you get into the comments
of the great [ __ ] ccoo too because they
are already saying it mascot dog esteem
everything a croquette
and apart they are saying that we are
defending it from the strike
no they are not defending their sentences
bluntly the strike is wrong so the
problem the problem is that what we do not
attack it and shame without a neuron
and well if you dallas better to your partner you would do it
I would not tell him without shame
without a euro or anything like that
then there is a bias if I just
answered you that I would not do it even if it were someone
else, let's not say
that you eat and to a person who
is attacking me who has been touching
young people for a long time obviously I am not
going to have the same attitude no I think
but not with dallas winged neither
solar  I'm already afraid of the one with the hoop,
no, then there's the issue of the
pet's fear, I am the fairy's pet, too, it's not about
being afraid of being more than that, it's not
about having a bias when
making a criticism that is supposed to be
objective, but I am not ABC, nor am I the
country, nor am I Telecinco to have that of
organs this is related, but I'll tell you
things as I see them,
one thing is not being objective and another thing is
being a hypocrite, the bad ones are not not being
objective, the bad thing is being a hypocrite,
but let's say ultimately my point is
that
people, and I'm telling you I'm already seeing
the comments here when you talk about
people who say outrageous things, are you referring
to people who simply say the
same thing that I'm telling you, or are you
referring to people who explicitly say
outrageous things, what are you referring to with
everyone's comments? I
mean, I put myself in Dallas's shoes and I
understand everything said that problems in
Dallas's skin
because of YouTube, which was a note that I
dedicated to videos on YouTube every day, I
put myself
if that person is highlighting that
just be in some like when you have
criticized another person who has given
strikes you have said that you put yourself in their
shoes and you have said it I put myself in the
shoes of believing when they give me a strike and they
are throwing a stress for a [ __ ] video
that I made
well
there it would be let's say a case
of ice when they gave me the spray and ice they
gave me a strike for a [ __ ] video that I
made I put myself in the plague tovalín they
gave me an extra point and for a humorous video a
few days ago I put myself in the shoes of
this pathetic guy when he threw the video Cuba
Kuma for a criticism for a
response to a criticism that he
made him be or I put myself in the shoes of they
have told him when he threw the channel to the
fairy he wanted to throw the channel to the fairy for
a couple of videos
comparing that let's
make a more comparison but
then isolated too because then
if you don't put yourself in the shoes of the Dalai Lama you
put yourself in the shoes of the other who is the one with
the eyebrow
during the question if you are
telling me that I have a bias that I
obviously have there is no
problem with having a second eye eye I
'm saying that comparison is
perhaps not so reasonable because let's
say we're talking about cases one is
let's look at zero the bias I have it
but I have a bias on youtube with
people and we have teams and I have a
political bias and it's me yes I am totally
free from having the bias let my
balls come out now it's very different to have
a bias than being a hypocrite but if
precisely what you're criticizing me for
is that I don't that I'm not neutral it
seems to me that the one who isn't there are the
others put yourself in their shoes let's say let's do
the inverse let's suppose that you were there
during the last during the last
month
and these days you had to give them causing a lot of
trouble
and you made I don't think videos let's say
excerpts from live 17 videos about
Dallas and I already know that you on this subject
let's say you wouldn't be as as aggressive
as an author no but let's say let's
suppose that he would also have been
as aggressive as an
author would have been and Dallas had I tried to get
three strikes that is a
more reasonable comparison it's more
analogical  mortgaging dear love
exists but it is more reasonable of course why they do
not exist
but well let's say let's suppose that those
voices that the one who gets a strike for
making 17 videos for criticizing Dallas
does happen well thank you
puts you in the shoes of the person who uploads
the videos and not the one who gives the strikes
okay I put myself in the shoes of the person
who uploads the videos and it does not seem right to me
that he gives him a strike and when I said
and there and there getting into the shoes of that
person don't you see let's say what
triggered Dallas that he was a new monk I
don't see what triggered it if he has or
if he had if he already has 500 videos about
Dallas and I have never thrown it at you I
imagine that now it has been because there is a
trigger people on twitter in which they
start to say that the trigger was
precisely that 8 said that he was
sending the videos of Nato to his lawyer
and I am saying that is not the
trigger if we had to put a
trigger
surely let's say I'm sure it
will be because  of the followers I do not
understand where the problem is there
again you know it is an issue but it is
a fact that it is an issue where
the problem is
and go
deeper because this is happening here
that I
understand
how many times you said the phrase I do not
marry anyone
is that they do not leave I have also told you that
where he
is telling me that you have a bias when he
talks about people who are your colleagues
but that is not to marry anyone if I have to
say something
asking for bad things when I do not
agree with him I say here it does not seem to me
and what is being winged when when
the other when the same things are
done by people who are not friends of
yours attacks them for example
for example juanjo blocks does something sound familiar to you
a strike agua soul who calls me a
defamer 'cyberstalker' tried to
steal an interview from me and tried to
deceive me to take all the money that
belongs to both of us
for example give me another good one but let's say
the criticisms are going to be the criticisms in a
general way or in a particular way in a
political way to speak obviously
when then there is criticism in a
particular way criticisms on the one hand the
strike on the other things
the name  of the channel the email and the
password of my channel I have it
so I upload whatever I want
well but then let's say to those
general criticisms not particular
particular
but when you make a criticism what I
mean is that when you criticize
someone you criticize them for everything and you
put everything in the bag but let's not say
you don't try to be foreign you can close
the games behind after not mixing it
is a lie you can ask him to
criticize the same to a person who
attacks me who defames me who tries to
play me to a person who treats me well
who is always there when I need
something with whom I have a cordiality
that nothing is being done excuse me
because when their voices that made all
that content do you remember how many people have
criticized for putting strikes and who will they
be that I just said almost everything I think well well
could
Dallas was the only one who gets along
with you I mean all the rest
aesthetic character for putting all those
people messed with you and did
bad things and are your enemies
all gave me the extract
well I suppose if that would count
also it
seems very convenient to me it seems very
convenient
but convenient what do you mean by
that that
you're telling me that all the
other people who have criticized me for
the same thing, these people will be
your enemies and how convenient that with the
exception of Dallas all the people
that have been criticized were your enemies
and you're asking me to criticize the same
person who defames me, who attacks me,
what he has said to a colleague, let's not
say me, let's say you're not
asking me to criticize him with the same
harshness when I've seen all your videos
from beginning to end but let's say
you know who it is you criticize for
throwing strikes for example
curiously they will all be your enemies
what is your point you are saying that
Dallas is indicated in a different way
because he is a colleague of yours I
don't criticize him directly now if
a salsa dancer from Dallas comes out and does not agree
with what he does I say it
well I mean well to say that he was
wrong is a type of criticism that
is wrong what he did he will go away but you
already criticize me and when you ask me for a
criticism he has asked for something else
and well my point is precisely what he
is claiming that the fact that I 7
the  mental gymnastics that
my opinion of letter is fine but
the fact that in the same video they
put the comments of the haters
hoyas pad what like half of the
video with commentary of gaiteros
counselor gives more content in the
comments of the haters what is the
what is the point that when you are
questioned why you do not do the same with
others it justifies that the others are
your enemies and that they agree on your
feet when you come I lose you are
adding me with others astro equal and I
tell you the truth I give you an example to see how I
acted in each one and he tells me juanjo
well that's why I told you I did not see all your
nurseries and so each case is different
so look each case is totally
different if it is simply if it were not
dallas this would not be getting into
and even a salt channel would be
talking about the subject two months ago I
gave him a strike when I noticed this cap
with the one for you also that is
registered or news with danielle
I gave him a strike for a video that he uploaded
that was a game clip and I lied to him a
strike because because it is  It's not, I didn't have it up to
the [ __ ], I was sending
people to report our channel and I don't
regret having tried to put
letter es and another two were on the way
that the problem
nothing of the tool correctly
correctly was putting an
extract for a video that under gave me
permission and does not belong to me or anything
use the tool for what it is for
now then you fought with him
yes what is the point of this the point of
three that I yourself extract is not yet
because it was touching our balls and
back sending his mind to report
our channel and the strikes used
correctly are not bad the subject that
well the strikes that dallas used are
wrong because let's say civil things
objectively are wrong and you yourself
recognize it in your videos the light or bad he
did it wrong that
then what is the problem I
already told you the problem is
well
we are repeating the same thing
a hug let's see guys wait time I'm
going
one more and that's it but one who is a hater let's
see the one who has not made a good
series hater
of being like this I do
n't know if I know to debate on this subject
of  bilin the way to save
now good ere hater I
want to tell you a quick argument it doesn't
even take five minutes
although you see that it takes a long time here
at my point I understand why people
come to say that you're not soft you are
softer with giving them but not because of what
they say I feel that it is more a
fact that for example what wish
michu did to the hamburger that you saw that you
brought out the hypocrisy that he
being vegan different from this like that and in
the video I remember that it seems like that
sundance and the new thing that guys is
hypocritical because he is doing this and
this this what happens when you talk is
that when you saw how bad it is without a
doubt I understand them because it is not something it
and not saying that is that you do not bring out so much
the hypocrisies that can be brought out in these
issues that giving them so much lately he
is doing something hypocritical if you start to
see I could assure you that in the
bada boom thing it was criticized he believes
that for small extracts they threw to
throw to videos and yes
but as if I have said that he is
contradicting himself dallas and in the video of
my main channel I said that dallas
opinas it is supposed that they thought the same as
me I had said the same things as me and
that it is creating a platform to
fight against that injustice
yes
with more examples
can surely come to mind
a lot but that I have said it I have
said that yes I have said it is not like that
then
the problem of fear
and now we will see each other
to verbena
hello good
hello good hello hello
good hello hello good hello
I want to ask you a topic about the subject
of dallas and ari
but no no no
200 for interviews sorry shoulder
for interviewing so that I interviewed
well family listen to me 3 [ __ ] hours
okay already three [ __ ] hours
3 [ __ ] hours and they haven't uploaded even 1
the one who hasn't left me stranded has
n't put the camera no I don't know what
I love this about the haters is
I love this oil thing a
total waste of time because we could have
covered other topics the truth is
if he uploaded 1 and he
uploaded 1
tremendous clown it's without putting the camera
if you want to tell me on his
twitter account because I'm going to put what he says
without meaning to even see his account
youtube this is commented totally they
throw poison because it has sodium inside
because it is frustrated and totally from
anonymity dude
and totally from anonymity
three hours you want to see how this I don't know
if this doesn't leave me in public or for
subscribers I imagine that I am going to
leave it in public for a while and then for
members but you want to see how it is filled
with disgusting comments that appear
now all of a sudden you
want to see how they all appear
suddenly that's why
I the comments the volumes of
who the volumes and points example I go up to I do
n't care there are other people who are
much more affected by the comments
but it is that literal is what
literal is what I have said literal what I have told them literal
from anonymity is frustrated you have
hate or anything like that but we
could do this with each and every
one of those who have insulted me
oval
in the two videos of these days that's it
I am not going to comment more on this subject or
anything nobody has to take down
anyone's channel for criticism or for any
reason nobody has to take down
anyone's channel
the youtube tool
should only exist as it already  I said in the
video channel and main face to
summarize there integrated for
paid content or for is that not even to build is that
for good for the paid content it
depends on what type of content if it
is affecting you in that they are taking away
visits or something if that is the point for
example here content of
a movie when I am going to do a review
of a Disney movie maybe little
content
simply dude obviously well it is not going to
do you are not going to go the same I have not
shortened myself to give my opinion on anyone or to give my opinion on
anything on any subject when the subject of the
moment I am not going to deprive myself of any
subject for anyone who is bothered at
some point that I talk about a subject
well look at 200 boys see you later I did not
understand or the age neither will he do it
surely in the south neither now no I am not
going to go aside anyone or
attack anyone or enjoy anyone
charming review surely places of
course do not ask me to go on the
attack with anyone I do not know that it does not make
sense
but well these people you already know where they
come from we already debated last year
with extra with the diet is or I would not
have  I would have liked to have one who would have
debated with pure stupid arguments
but you know why no one has debated
with arguments because they don't exist
this is also true to Christopher
Company I am right it was not Dallas the
extra is safe it was surely War the
Game
very obviously he has tried
and it is totally proven that fire
must but like yes of course it is terrible
that we have an extra it is terrible
obviously you have to or you can't do it
okay the issue of you have
always been clear all your
channels exactly that it would be
completely a shot in the foot for me to
leave now decide but no no but if
Dallas does it it is fine it is not a
chance that is worth it now from there to when I start
to enjoy calling him shameless
son of a [ __ ] idiot pedophile things like
that that is why here you are not going to
have it I really say it but it is that you are not
going to have it nor will it count nor with anyone
on my channel it is not a weapon nor is it a
trigger nor to attack
if you are comparing me with cases in which I have
problems with the other or the
extra is to me it
is even more unfair that each  case a
world that I already tell you
if I will leave this up for a while and
surely I will put it for members
later but it is what I tell you is
already the fact that another thing is that each
case is individual and things must be seen
in their context or rather I
put a strike on news with Danielle
two or three months ago do you remember that
later I took it off because she was asking for
forgiveness milestone the roll but she had been going too
far with us she
was insisting that people
report on our channel I put
a strike on her
that then when things calmed down I took it
off okay she asked for forgiveness get out I
understand and here we are to work
to take us to the end of Mayfair of
citó home to have as little as
possible any with anyone
and that's it but the blood that people want here
and the toxicity that is already
2016-2017 maybe there was still 2018 there
was a little but now times are
different both on youtube and me and
as the south and the crazy one moves lukewarm
now yes I came to touch my balls
as has  done people no well
there they have war with me but if it does
n't piss me off I'm not going to govern
I'm serious and looking for problems with
everyone
but well like that incredible in family there were
some others it's incredible I'm going to
well I don't know if I'll do
anything again because tomorrow I have to get up
early you know I have the important thing in Malaga
tomorrow live it interests the
CEO I'm going to be covering the
concentration in Malaga okay I
'll be live all the time from
the street interviewing people and
well we hope to see Antonio David
tomorrow too there so tomorrow
director I don't know if I'll come back I don't know if I'll come
back because you know about Hansa
I think that today I'm not going to return I think that today I'm
not going to return
[Music]